Add comments for crystal analyzer 1.3 (#2357)
exercism/website-copy: analyzer-comments/crystal/darts/hypot.md

# Pow

> Using the `pow`, `sqrt` or `**` is totally valid and can be neassisary in many situations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `pow`, `sqrt` or `**` is totally valid and can be necessary in many situations.
```

> However when wanting a distance in 2d space we can use the [`hypot` method][hypot] which returns the hypotenuse of the x and y lengths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However when we want a distance in Cartesian space we can use the [`hypot` method][hypot] which returns the hypotenuse of a right angle triangle with sides x and y.
```
